Agregar los campos

gestacion_fecha_atencion*        date
gestacion_edad_gestacional*      integer
gestacion_tiene_enfermedad*      integer
gestacion_enfermedad*            string
gestacion_control_prenatal*      integer
gestacion_gravida*               integer
gestacion_para*                  integer
gestacion_abortos*               integer
gestacion_cesareas*              integer
gestacion_vivos*                 integer
gestacion_muertos*               integer
gestacion_fecha_ultima_regla*    date
gestacion_ha_tenido*             integer
gestacion_vacunas*               integer
gestacion_ansiedad*              boolean[]
gestacion_ansiedad_otro*         string
gestacion_depresion*             integer
gestacion_violencia_familiar*    integer
gestacion_estado_nutricional*    integer
gestacion_sintomas*              boolean[]
gestacion_fecha_registro*        datetime
